[Vitest Integration] Add breakpoint debugging changelog entry (#20755)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/workers/2025-03-14-breakpoint-debugging-with-vitest.mdx

---

> title: Enable breakpoint debugging with vitest-pool-workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Set breakpoints and debug your Workers tests with @cloudflare/vitest-pool-workers
```

bikeshedding, feel free to replace

> description: You can now debug your workers tests with our vitest integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: You can now debug your workers tests with the Workers <> Vitest integration
```

products:
  - workers

> date: 2025-03-14T14:00:00Z

Author: @irvinebroque Any preference on when this should be published? I scheduled it for Friday just to allow some buffer for approval.

Reviewer: ship anytime!

Author: I will publish this at 2pm GMT today 👍🏼
